---
title: "trace_events - Node documentation"
source: "https://docs.deno.com/api/node/trace_events/"
canonical_url: "https://docs.deno.com/api/node/trace_events/"
docset: "deno"
kind: "language"
adapter: "generic"
last_crawled_at: "2026-04-27T17:14:52.842Z"
content_hash: "7a33d3421e429b64639e67e5a68ded270eb38420c77f26bb9d46875db09ae188"
menu_path: ["trace_events - Node documentation"]
section_path: []
content_language: "en"
---
### Usage in Deno

```typescript
import * as mod from "node:trace_events";
```

Deno compatibility

All exports are non-functional stubs.

The `node:trace_events` module provides a mechanism to centralize tracing information generated by V8, Node.js core, and userspace code.

Tracing can be enabled with the `--trace-event-categories` command-line flag or by using the `trace_events` module. The `--trace-event-categories` flag accepts a list of comma-separated category names.

The available categories are:

-   `node`: An empty placeholder.
-   `node.async_hooks`: Enables capture of detailed [`async_hooks`](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v22.x/api/async_hooks.html) trace data. The [`async_hooks`](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v22.x/api/async_hooks.html) events have a unique `asyncId` and a special `triggerId` `triggerAsyncId` property.
-   `node.bootstrap`: Enables capture of Node.js bootstrap milestones.
-   `node.console`: Enables capture of `console.time()` and `console.count()` output.
-   `node.threadpoolwork.sync`: Enables capture of trace data for threadpool synchronous operations, such as `blob`, `zlib`, `crypto` and `node_api`.
-   `node.threadpoolwork.async`: Enables capture of trace data for threadpool asynchronous operations, such as `blob`, `zlib`, `crypto` and `node_api`.
-   `node.dns.native`: Enables capture of trace data for DNS queries.
-   `node.net.native`: Enables capture of trace data for network.
-   `node.environment`: Enables capture of Node.js Environment milestones.
-   `node.fs.sync`: Enables capture of trace data for file system sync methods.
-   `node.fs_dir.sync`: Enables capture of trace data for file system sync directory methods.
-   `node.fs.async`: Enables capture of trace data for file system async methods.
-   `node.fs_dir.async`: Enables capture of trace data for file system async directory methods.
-   `node.perf`: Enables capture of [Performance API](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v22.x/api/perf_hooks.html) measurements.
    -   `node.perf.usertiming`: Enables capture of only Performance API User Timing measures and marks.
    -   `node.perf.timerify`: Enables capture of only Performance API timerify measurements.
-   `node.promises.rejections`: Enables capture of trace data tracking the number of unhandled Promise rejections and handled-after-rejections.
-   `node.vm.script`: Enables capture of trace data for the `node:vm` module's `runInNewContext()`, `runInContext()`, and `runInThisContext()` methods.
-   `v8`: The [V8](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v22.x/api/v8.html) events are GC, compiling, and execution related.
-   `node.http`: Enables capture of trace data for http request / response.

By default the `node`, `node.async_hooks`, and `v8` categories are enabled.

```bash
node --trace-event-categories v8,node,node.async_hooks server.js
```

Prior versions of Node.js required the use of the `--trace-events-enabled` flag to enable trace events. This requirement has been removed. However, the `--trace-events-enabled` flag _may_ still be used and will enable the `node`, `node.async_hooks`, and `v8` trace event categories by default.

```bash
node --trace-events-enabled

node --trace-event-categories v8,node,node.async_hooks
```

Alternatively, trace events may be enabled using the `node:trace_events` module:

```js
import trace_events from 'node:trace_events';
const tracing = trace_events.createTracing({ categories: ['node.perf'] });
tracing.enable();  // Enable trace event capture for the 'node.perf' category

// do work

tracing.disable();  // Disable trace event capture for the 'node.perf' category
```

Running Node.js with tracing enabled will produce log files that can be opened in the [`chrome://tracing`](https://www.chromium.org/developers/how-tos/trace-event-profiling-tool) tab of Chrome.

The logging file is by default called `node_trace.${rotation}.log`, where `${rotation}` is an incrementing log-rotation id. The filepath pattern can be specified with `--trace-event-file-pattern` that accepts a template string that supports `${rotation}` and `${pid}`:

```bash
node --trace-event-categories v8 --trace-event-file-pattern '${pid}-${rotation}.log' server.js
```

To guarantee that the log file is properly generated after signal events like `SIGINT`, `SIGTERM`, or `SIGBREAK`, make sure to have the appropriate handlers in your code, such as:

```js
process.on('SIGINT', function onSigint() {
  console.info('Received SIGINT.');
  process.exit(130);  // Or applicable exit code depending on OS and signal
});
```

The tracing system uses the same time source as the one used by `process.hrtime()`. However the trace-event timestamps are expressed in microseconds, unlike `process.hrtime()` which returns nanoseconds.

The features from this module are not available in [`Worker`](https://nodejs.org/docs/latest-v22.x/api/worker_threads.html#class-worker) threads.

f

[createTracing](.././trace_events/~/createTracing "createTracing")

No documentation available

f

[getEnabledCategories](.././trace_events/~/getEnabledCategories "getEnabledCategories")

No documentation available

I

[CreateTracingOptions](.././trace_events/~/CreateTracingOptions "CreateTracingOptions")

No documentation available

-   [categories](.././trace_events/~/CreateTracingOptions#property_categories)

I

[Tracing](.././trace_events/~/Tracing "Tracing")

No documentation available

-   [categories](.././trace_events/~/Tracing#property_categories)
-   [disable](.././trace_events/~/Tracing#method_disable_0)
-   [enable](.././trace_events/~/Tracing#method_enable_0)
-   [enabled](.././trace_events/~/Tracing#property_enabled)
